{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh14940\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The present folder contains the models and the results presented in the report of the study on the possibilities of geothermal heat valorisation for the city of La Chaux-de-Fonds.\
\
Each folder contains the model and the results for assessing 1 of the possible scenarios.\
The model files are contained in 'folder/OSMOSE_model'.  \
The raw results of the MOO presented in Figures 16, 19 & 20 are contained in 'folder/OSMOSE_moo'.\
The typical configurations displayed by their number on Figure 16 and analyzed in Figures 17 & 18 are contained in 'folder/Pointxx', with all the corresponding frontend, model files and multi-period composite curves.\
The typical configurations displayed by their number on Figure 19 and analyzed in Tables 15-20 are contained in 'folder/Configurationxx'.\
\
The following scenarios are analyzed:\
\
- current situation: current situation of the La Chaux-de-Fonds district heating, with MSWI supplying the majority of the heat, wood+NG boilers supplying remaining heat\
- dogger_orc_debrosse_optim_15: Dogger aquifer used (15 l/s), with hybridization with a low-temperature ORC. Residual forest wood is used in addition to the wood boiler.\
- dogger_orc_optim_15: Dogger aquifer used (15 l/s), with hybridization with a low-temperature ORC. \
- dogger_hp_optim_10: Dogger aquifer used (10 l/s), with heat pump.  \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 - dogger_hp_optim_15: Dogger aquifer used (15 l/s), with heat pump. \
- dogger_hp_optim_20: Dogger aquifer used (20 l/s), with heat pump. \
- dogger_steam_debrosse_optim_15: Dogger aquifer used (15 l/s), with hybridization with a steam cycle using residual forest wood.\
- muschelkalk_orc_debrosse_optim_15: Muschelkalk aquifer used (15 l/s), with hybridization with a low-temperature ORC. Residual forest wood is used in addition to the wood boiler.\
- muschelkalk_orc_optim_15: Muschelkalk aquifer used (15 l/s), with hybridization with a low-temperature ORC. \
- muschelkalk_hp_optim_10: Muschelkalk aquifer used (10 l/s), with heat pump.  \
- muschelkalk_hp_optim_15: Muschelkalk aquifer used (15 l/s), with heat pump. \
- muschelkalk_hp_optim_20: Muschelkalk aquifer used (20 l/s), with heat pump. \
- muschelkalk_steam_debrosse_optim_15: Muschelkalk aquifer used (15 l/s), with hybridization with a steam cycle using residual forest wood.}